While the comparisons to Madonna that continue to hound Gaga are beginning to seem as unwarranted as ever, there’s no doubt that, for better or worse, Gaga’s performances are a true, uh, spectacle.
So while you’re eagerly awaiting your $200 mezzanine tickets to go on sale, bask in this collection of GIFs of some of the singer’s most ridiculous stage moments:
She kicked off her performance of her latest single, “Do What U Want,” on Saturday Night Live last week with an awkward gallop:
She attempts to strike a pose during a performance of “Judas” on The Ellen Degeneres Show in 2011:
The singer appears to be having a seizure during the Born This Way Ball:
She appears to be auditioning for a J-Horror film during this nightclub performance of “Venus”:
Watch the full video, because you can:
A reductive version of Pop Art.
why are you creepily commenting on a year old comment of mine?
I've got you wrapped around my finger you creepy old grandpa!
I don't know why you autistically refer to me as 'hun' but it makes you seem more like a pedophile creep and doesn't help your already tragic case.
So because she didn't decide to YouTube her surgery, it's a lie?
Only in the mind of an angry Madge stan.
Delusion much?
she said she filmed the surgery!
by the way as she is a narcissistic bitch she would of released the footage for sympathy!
I doubt you don't give a shit based on your OP, you seem to care plenty about Gaga.
I imagine she went to yoga as part of her physio therapy, she would only have needed a chair to reduce pressure and strain following surgery like a tear mend.
She wouldn't be confined to it indefinitely.
Can you explain how Gaga costing LiveNation $25 million is somehow indicative of her lying about her injury when clearly that means the remaining dates were going to make a large profit?
Her insurance paid out because she really messed up her hip, they wouldn't have if she didn't.
But since it's Gaga in a post-2011 world anything she does to anyone who dislikes her is wrong/deceitful/pretentious/mean-spirited/copying Madonna/self-obsessed/etc.
Can you explain why she was in a wheel chair but than walked perfectly fine to yoga class in the same day?
But honestly I don't give a shit about this female.
And you know this fact how?
Oh that's right, you don't.
In fact you couldn't know, even if it were true.
We live in the age of modern medicine, you really expected a giant scar?
She had three tiny incisions, that's how tears like that are repaired.
They had to refund $25 million, they stood to make far more continuing than cancelling you douche.
I didn't say they were or weren't ridiculous.
You're clearly trying to convince yourself.
You aren't going to change my opinion (which you don't even know).
"Lady gaga herself has claimed to be "one of the best singer,
songwriters" of this time, then went on to say how her performances are a spectacle."
This sentence makes no sense.
It was untrue.
She played stadiums.
That is the fact.